# SoftwareTestAutomation

# How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
To ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure there are many steps that can be taken throughout the entire software development life cycle that can ensure this. The beginning of any good project is to follow the best practices of the system. If using Python then following the best practices and coding standards for that language, and same for other languages. Once proper standards are followed and base code is created, than testing is the most important next step to ensure functional and secure projects. Using proper integration, security, unit tests, and continuing these tests throughout the process will allow for a cheaper, more deliverable product. 

# How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
To interpret the needs of the user and incorporate them into my program, communication and documentation are key. To identify the needs of the user I can perform in-person interviews and electronic survey's on users to define their needs. After taking the data from the user I can prioritize the information that is most crucial to the performance and success of the project. Although the initial capture of data from users is important, feedback during the creative and implementation process is just as important to ensure that user needs are continuously being met.

# How do I approach designing software?
As stated in the first question, designing software must start with following best standards and practices. The success or failure of a project starts with the little details that provide a proper start for a project and the use of best practices is a crucial one to begin the design process. Once the practices of the specific language are identified then a plan must be put into place. A design that takes the needs of the user, the requirements of the system, and the team to create it is the next step in the process of my software design. The software design is only as successful as the people involved and the data collected. The need to collect client requirements and establish best testing practices for the software will help to round out a great start to the software design process and will hopefully allow for a quality, finished product.
